README.md, before:

# understanding_deep_generative_models_with_generalized_empirical_likelihood

This repository includes an implementation of the generalized empirical
likelihood metric proposed in:
S. Ravuri, M. Rey, S. Mohamed, M. Deisenroth, "Understanding Deep Generative
Models with Generalized Empirical Likelihoods." Computer Vision and Pattern
Recognition, 2023.

The metric is implemented in the "Generalized_Empirical_Likelihood" colab.
The colab also includes some sample use cases.

## Installation

The colab in the repo includes all the code needed for installation.

## Usage

Please see the colab for usage.

## Citing this work

If you use this work, please cite the following:

@InProceedings{Ravuri_2023_CVPR,
    author    = {Ravuri, Suman and Rey, M\'elanie and Mohamed, Shakir and Deisenroth, Marc Peter},
    title     = {Understanding Deep Generative Models With Generalized Empirical Likelihoods},
    booktitle = {Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR)},
    month     = {June},
    year      = {2023},
    pages     = {24395-24405}
}

## License and disclaimer

Copyright 2023 DeepMind Technologies Limited

All software is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (Apache 2.0);
you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache 2.0 license.
You may obtain a copy of the Apache 2.0 license at:
https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

All other materials are licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0
International License (CC-BY). You may obtain a copy of the CC-BY license at:
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, all software and
materials distributed here under the Apache 2.0 or CC-BY licenses are
distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
either express or implied. See the licenses for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under those licenses.

This is not an official Google product.

Commit message:

Colab implementation for the generalized empirical likelihood metric
PiperOrigin-RevId: 542550793
Change-Id: I6e5899dc84e2a0e3040ec69333dabd52d4d99f88

README.md, after:

# Understanding Deep Generative Models with Generalized Empirical Likelihoods

This repository includes an implementation of the generalized empirical
likelihood metric proposed in:
S. Ravuri, M. Rey, S. Mohamed, M. Deisenroth, "Understanding Deep Generative
Models with Generalized Empirical Likelihoods." Computer Vision and Pattern
Recognition, 2023.

The metric is implemented in the "Generalized_Empirical_Likelihood" colab.
The colab also includes some sample use cases, which you can find here: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.sandbox.google.com/github/deepmind/understanding_deep_generative_models_with_generalized_empirical_likelihood/blob/main/python/Generalized_Empirical_Likelihood.ipynb)

## Citing this work

If you use this work, please cite the following:

@InProceedings{Ravuri_2023_CVPR,
    author    = {Ravuri, Suman and Rey, M\'elanie and Mohamed, Shakir and Deisenroth, Marc Peter},
    title     = {Understanding Deep Generative Models With Generalized Empirical Likelihoods},
    booktitle = {Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR)},
    month     = {June},
    year      = {2023},
    pages     = {24395-24405}
}

## License and disclaimer

Copyright 2023 DeepMind Technologies Limited

All software is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (Apache 2.0);
you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache 2.0 license.
You may obtain a copy of the Apache 2.0 license at:
https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

All other materials are licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0
International License (CC-BY). You may obtain a copy of the CC-BY license at:
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, all software and
materials distributed here under the Apache 2.0 or CC-BY licenses are
distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
either express or implied. See the licenses for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under those licenses.

This is not an official Google product.
